{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green63\blue130;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red42\green75\blue126;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green108\blue175;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c21418\c32137\c56577;\csgray\c0;\cspthree\c91747\c20037\c13852;
\cspthree\c24976\c36895\c55367;\csgray\c100000;\cspthree\c35485\c50097\c72226;\cspthree\c22\c0\c95960;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28\fsmilli14040 \cf2 GARMIN INTERNATIONAL\

\fs72 \cf3 Garmin Connect Developer\
Program\
Training API V2\

\fs43\fsmilli21960 Version 1.0\
\cf4 CONFIDENTIAL
\fs28\fsmilli14040 \cf5 1 Revision History\

\f1\fs19\fsmilli9960 \cf6 Version\cf3  \cf6 Date\cf3  
\fs23\fsmilli11579 1.0
\fs22\fsmilli11040  
\fs24\fsmilli12386 05/26/2025
\fs22\fsmilli11040  
\fs23\fsmilli11848 Initial version\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 \cf6 Revisions
\f0\fs28\fsmilli14040 \cf5 Contents\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 \cf3 1 Revision History ...................................................................................................................................... 2\
2 Getting Started ....................................................................................................................................... 4\

\f1 2.1 Purpose of the API ...................................................................................................................... 4\
2.2 Consumer Key and Secret .......................................................................................................... 4\
2.3 User Registration ........................................................................................................................ 4\
2.4 Training API Import Types .......................................................................................................... 5\
2.5 Requesting a Production Key ..................................................................................................... 5\
2.6 API Rate Limiting or Excessive Usage ....................................................................................... 6\

\f0 3 Training API Endpoint Details .................................................................................................................. 7\

\f1 3.1 Training API Permissions............................................................................................................ 7\
3.2 Workouts ..................................................................................................................................... 8\

\f0 3.2.1 Field Definitions ....................................................................................................................................... 8\
3.2.2 Example JSON ........................................................................................................................................ 14\
3.2.3 Create .................................................................................................................................................... 21\
3.2.4 Retrieve .................................................................................................................................................. 21\
3.2.5 Update ................................................................................................................................................... 21\
3.2.6 Delete .................................................................................................................................................... 21\
3.2.7 Response Code ....................................................................................................................................... 21\

\f1 3.3 Workout Schedules ................................................................................................................... 22\

\f0 3.3.1 Field Definitions ..................................................................................................................................... 22\
3.3.2 Example JSON ........................................................................................................................................ 22\
3.3.3 Create .................................................................................................................................................... 22\
3.3.4 Retrieve .................................................................................................................................................. 22\
3.3.5 Update ................................................................................................................................................... 22\
3.3.6 Delete .................................................................................................................................................... 23\
3.3.7 Retrieve by Date .................................................................................................................................... 23\
3.3.8 Response Code ....................................................................................................................................... 23
\fs28\fsmilli14040 \cf5 2 Getting Started\

\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.1 Purpose of the API\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 The Garmin Connect Training API is the underlying mechanism that allows users to\
import workouts and workout schedules from third-party platforms for supported\
activity types into their Garmin Connect account, making it easy to manage this type of\
information in a centralized location.\

\fs23\fsmilli11858 Support Email
\fs23\fsmilli11815 : \cf8 connect-support@developer.garmin.com\

\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.2 Consumer Key and Secret\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 Garmin Connect Training API partners will be provided with a consumer key and secret,\
which will be used to gain access to the Training API. The consumer key is used to\
identify a partner\'92s app uniquely, and the consumer secret is used to validate that the\
requests received are from that partner and not from a third party that has gained\
unauthorized access to the consumer key. The consumer key can be considered public\
information, 
\fs23\fsmilli11843 but the consumer secret is private
\fs23\fsmilli11815 . For the security of users, the\
consumer secret should be secured and never sent over a network in plain text.\
Consumer key credentials are created using the Developer Portal and the creation of\
apps (\cf8 https://developerportal.garmin.com/user/me/apps?program=829
\fs22\fsmilli11040 )
\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 .\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 Your first app is designed for testing, and the partner must pass the app review to\
request a production-level app for commercial use.\
-
\f2\b\fs23\fsmilli11793  
\f0\b0\fs23\fsmilli11843 Please see \'93Requesting a Production Key\'94 below for more information.\
-
\f2\b\fs23\fsmilli11793  
\f0\b0\fs23\fsmilli11843 Evaluation-level apps violating API guidelines may be disabled with no prior\
notice.\

\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.3 User Registration\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 Before a partner can write data to a user\'92s account, the user must grant the partner write\
access. Please refer to the detailed Garmin OAuth documentation for details on acquiring,\
authorizing, and signing with a User Access Token (UAT) to write data to a Garmin user\'92s\
account.
\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.4 Training API Import Types\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 All data uploaded to Garmin Connect via the Training API can either be categorized as a\
workout or a workout schedule. The API allows for the standard CRUD operations on\
these two data types.\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \'95
\f1  
\f0 Workout\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 A workout contains a list of steps for the user to take as part of their workout, as well as\
metadata about the workout (e.g. description, sport type, etc.).\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \'95
\f1  
\f0 Workout Schedule\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 A workout schedule allows a previously defined workout to be scheduled for a specified\
day.\

\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.5 Requesting a Production Key\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 The first consumer key generated through the Developer Portal is an evaluation key. This\
key is rate-limited and should only be used for testing, evaluation, and development. To\
receive production-level credentials, Garmin must review and approve the Training API\
integration to ensure high-quality user experience in Garmin Connect. Garmin will also\
review partner applications and/or websites to ensure proper usage of Garmin assets\
(e.g., device images, logos) and adherence to Garmin brand guidelines.\
Please email Training API support at \cf8 connect-support@developer.garmin.com\cf3  to\
request and schedule a production readiness review.\
Garmin will review the following technical review:\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 Authorization for at least two Garmin Connect users.\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 No unnecessary or excessive API call utilization or volume.\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 Proper handling of quota violations and subsequent retry attempts.\
User experience review. This review can be achieved through a demonstration\
application to Garmin via video conference or other mutually agreed-upon method. This\
review is used to confirm that the following criteria are met:\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 Proper representation of all Garmin trademarked/copyrighted terms.\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 Proper representation of Garmin products and product images.\

\fs23\fsmilli11843 \'95
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 The user experience (UX) flow does not misrepresent Garmin or portray it in a\
negative light.
\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 2.6 API Rate Limiting or Excessive Usage\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 To manage capacity and ensure system stability, Garmin Training API implementations\
may be subject to rate limiting.\
Please plan the implementation with the following limitations in mind:\

\fs23\fsmilli11858 Evaluation Rate Limits\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 100 API call requests per partner per minute - a rolling 60 second window summing the\
Oauth requests and API calls.\
200 API call requests per user per day - a rolling 24\uc0\u8208 hour window excluding Oauth\
requests.\

\fs23\fsmilli11858 Production Rate limits\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 3000 API call requests per partner per minute - a rolling 60 second window summing the\
Oauth requests and API calls.\
1000 API call requests per user per day - a 24-hour window rolling excluding Oauth\
requests.\
If one or both above limits are exceeded by a partner or a specific user, the subsequent\
API call request attempts will receive an HTTP Status Code 429 (too many requests). The\
calls in question will need to be attempted again later.
\fs28\fsmilli14040 \cf5 3 Training API Endpoint Details\

\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 3.1 Training API Permissions\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 Consumers can have multiple permissions like \'93Activity Export\'94 and \'93Workout Import\'94\
set up with GC. Users, while signing up may only opt in for fewer permissions, so this\
endpoint helps in fetching the permissions for that particular user.\
Method & URL: GET \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/userPermissions/\
\cf3 Response body: The retrieved user permissions in JSON.\
Example response for this endpoint:\
\{[ "WORKOUT_IMPORT"]\}\
Users can change their permission after the permission at their \cf8 Garmin Connect account\
settings\cf3 ; Partners will be notified via the User Permission summary Endpoint (see Start\
Guide, section 2.6.3 for the summary description)
\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 3.2 Workouts\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 3.2.1 Field Definitions\
\cf3 Multisport workouts have a limit of 25 segments (25 individual sports) and 250 steps overall. Single sport\
workout (one segment) has a limit of 100 steps.\
List of devices supporting each workout sport types\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf8 https://support.garmin.com/en-US/?faq=lLvhWrmlMv0vGmyGpWjOX6\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf3 Workout Data 
\fs24 Type 
\fs22\fsmilli11040 Description\

\f1\fs21\fsmilli10902 workoutId
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10094 Long
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 A unique identifier for the Workout. This field is not\
necessary for the Create action and will be set\
automatically.\
ownerId
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10094 Long
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 A unique identifier for the owner of the Workout. This\
field is not necessary for Creating workouts but is\
required for updates.\
workoutName
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 The name of the Workout.\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 description
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 A description of the Workout with a maximum length of\
1024 characters. Longer descriptions will be truncated.\
updatedDate
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 A datetime representing the last update time of the\
Workout, formatted 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 as YYYY-mm-dd. Example: "2019-\
01-14T16:25:10.0\'94. This field is not 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 necessary for Create\
or Update actions and will be set automatically.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 createdDate
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 A datetime representing the creation time of the\
Workout, formatted as YYYY-mm-dd. Example: "2019-\
01-14T16:25:10.0\'94. This field is not necessary for\
Create or Update actions and will be set automatically.\

\fs21\fsmilli10902 sport
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10094 The type of sport.\
Multi Sport workouts: MULTI_SPORT\
Single Segment (sport) workouts: RUNNING, CYCLING,\
LAP_SWIMMING, 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 STRENGTH_TRAINING,\
CARDIO_TRAINING, GENERIC (supported by some 
\fs20\fsmilli10094 devices\
only), YOGA, PILATES\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 estimatedDurationInSecs
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 Integer
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 The estimated duration of the Workout in seconds. This\
value is calculated server-side and will be ignored in\
Create and Update actions.\
estimatedDistanceInMeters
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Double
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 The estimated distance of the Workout in meters. This\
value is calculated server-side and will be ignored in\
Create and Update actions.\
poolLength
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Double
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 The length of the pool. Used for when LAP_SWIMMING\
segment is present.
\fs21\fsmilli10633 poolLengthUnit
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 workoutProvider
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 workoutSourceId
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 isSessionTransitionEnabled Segment 
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 Segment
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364  
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 segmentOrder sport 
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 estimatedDurationInSecs
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040  
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 estimatedDistanceInMeters poolLength 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 poolLengthUnit
\fs20\fsmilli10364  steps
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Boolean 
\fs20\fsmilli10094 List<Segments>
\fs22\fsmilli11040  
\f0 Data Type
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10094  
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 Integer String 
\f1\fs21\fsmilli10633 Integer
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040  
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 Double
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Double String 
\fs20\fsmilli10094 List<Step>
\fs20\fsmilli10364  Pull Length can be null for undefined pulls (not all devices\
support undefined pool, see Appendix C)\
The unit of the pool length. Valid values: YARD, METER.\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 The workout provider to display to the user.\
The workout provider to use for internal tracking\
purposes. This value should be the same as\
workoutProvider unless otherwise noted.\
Must be set to true if workouts should have transitions\
for multisport workouts.\
A list of Segments (individual sports) that specify the\
details of the workout.\

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 Description\

\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 Represents the order of the Segments (individual sport)\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The type of sport.\
Valid values: RUNNING, CYCLING, LAP_SWIMMING,\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 STRENGTH_TRAINING, CARDIO_TRAINING, GENERIC\
(supported by some 
\fs20\fsmilli10094 devices only), YOGA, PILATES\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The estimated duration of the Segment in seconds. This\
value is calculated server-side and will be ignored in Create\
and Update actions.\
Will be set to null for single segments workouts\
The estimated distance of the Segment in meters. This\
value is calculated server-side and will be ignored in\
Create and Update actions.\
Will be set to null for single segments workouts\
The length of the pool. Used for LAP_SWIMMING.\
Must match poolLenght provided in the Workout section\
for Multi Sport workouts.\
Will be set to null for single segments workouts\
(see examples below)\
The unit of the pool length. Valid values: YARD, METER.\
Must match poolLenght provided in the Workout section\
for Multi Sport workouts.\
Will be set to null for single segments workouts\
(see examples below)\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 A list of Steps that specify the details of the workout.
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 WorkoutStep 
\f1\fs21\fsmilli10633 type
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 stepId
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 stepOrder
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 repeatType
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 repeatValue
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 skipLastRestStep steps
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 intensity
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 description
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 durationType
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 Data Type 
\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10094 Long
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 Integer
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Double
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 Boolean 
\fs20\fsmilli10094 List<Step>
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String
\fs19\fsmilli9960  
\f0\fs22\fsmilli11040 Description\

\f1\fs20\fsmilli10364 The type of Step. Valid values are WorkoutStep and\
WorkoutRepeatStep. WorkoutStep type Steps contains\
details of the Step itself, while workoutRepeatSteps\
contain a sub-list of Steps that should be repeated until a\
condition is met as specified in the repeatType and\
repeatValue field.\
A unique ID is generated for Step. This value is calculated\
server-side and will be ignored in Create actions.\
Represents the order of the Step.\
The type of repeat action specifies how long or until\
when the user should repeat the sub-list of Steps. Used\
only for 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 WorkoutRepeatSteps. Valid values:\
REPEAT_UNTIL_STEPS_CMPLT, REPEAT_UNTIL_TIME,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_DISTANCE, REPEAT_UNTIL_CALORIES,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_HR_LESS_THAN,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_HR_GREATER_THAN,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_POWER_LESS_THAN,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_POWER_GREATER_THAN,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_POWER_LAST_LAP_LESS_THAN,\
REPEAT_UNTIL_MAX_POWER_LAST_LAP_LESS_THAN\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The value of repeating action. When paired with\
repeatType, specifies how long or until when the user\
should repeat the sub list of steps. Used only for\
WorkoutRepeatSteps.\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 Flag to support Garmin Connect Skip Rest step feature. Set to\
true automatically for all LAP_SWIMMING workouts to support\
backward compatibility.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The list of steps that should be repeated as specified by\
repeatType and repeatValue. Used only for\
WorkoutRepeatSteps.\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 The intensity of the Step. Valid values: REST, WARMUP,\
COOLDOWN, RECOVERY, INTERVAL, MAIN (SWIM only)\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 A description of the Step with a maximum of 512\
characters. Longer descriptions will be truncated.\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The type of duration. Paired with durationValue, this\
represents the relative duration of the Step. Valid values:\
TIME, DISTANCE, 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 HR_LESS_THAN, HR_GREATER_THAN,\
CALORIES, OPEN, POWER_LESS_THAN,\
POWER_GREATER_THAN, TIME_AT_VALID_CDA,\
FIXED_REST (for rest steps)\
REPS (HIIT, CARDIO, STRENGH_TRSINING only)
\fs21\fsmilli10633 equipmentType 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 exerciseCategory
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 exerciseName 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 weightValue
\fs20\fsmilli10364  
\fs21\fsmilli10633 weightDisplayUnit durationValue durationValueType 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 targetType
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String String String Double String Double String String 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 LAP_SWIMMING ONLY
\fs20\fsmilli10364 :\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 FIXED_REST (should be used for REST In LAP_SWIMMING)\
REPETITION_SWIM_CSS_OFFSET (CSS-Based Send-Off\
Time) valid values -60 to 60)\
FIXED_REPETITION (Send-off time)\
Please note "poolLengthUnit" must be set with the use of send-\
off time.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The type of equipment needed for this Step. Currently used\
only for LAP_SWIMMING Workouts. Valid values: NONE,\
SWIM_FINS, SWIM_KICKBOARD, SWIM_PADDLES,\
SWIM_PULL_BUOY, SWIM_SNORKEL\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 The exercise category for this Step. Used only for\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 STRENGTH_TRAINING and CARDIO_TRAINING, HIIT,\
PILATES, and YOGA Workouts
\fs19\fsmilli9960 .\
Valid values: See Appendix A and B.
\fs20\fsmilli10364 (excel file)\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The exercise name for this Step. Used only for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING and CARDIO_TRAINING, HIIT,\
PILATES, and YOGA Workouts.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 See Appendix A and B (excel file)\
The weight value for this step is kilograms. Used only for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING Workouts.\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 The units in which to display the weightValue to the\
user, if a weightValue exists. The display unit does not\
impact weightValue within 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 the Training API, only for\
display. Valid values: KILOGRAM, 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 POUND\
The duration value. Pair with durationType, this\
represents the relative duration of the Step.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 A modifier for duration value is used only for HR and\
POWER, types to 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 express units. Valid values: PERCENT\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The type of target for this Step. Valid values: SPEED,\
HEART_RATE
\fs19\fsmilli9960 , CADENCE, POWER, GRADE, RESISTANCE,\
POWER_3S, POWER_10S, POWER_30S, POWER_LAP,\
SPEED_LAP, HEART_RATE_LAP, OPEN\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 PACE (as speed in m/s)\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 Please note that targetType is not supported for swim\
workouts. Please 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 set targetType as null for swim\
workoutstargetValue
\fs20\fsmilli10364  targetValueLow
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 targetValueHigh targetValueType secondaryTargetType* secondaryTargetValue* secondaryTargetValueLow* Double Double Double String String Double Double 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 Use PAZE_ZONE as the secondary target for swim\
workouts.\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 OPEN \'96 if using secondary target, this value cannot be set as\
targetType.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The target HR (valid values 1-5) or power zone (valid\
values 1-7) to be used for this Step. Target zones must\
have been previously defined and saved.\
The lowest value for the target range. Used to specify a\
custom range 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 instead of specifying a target zone through\
targetValue.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The highest value for the target range. Used to specify a\
custom range 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 instead of specifying a target zone through\
targetValue.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 A modifier for target value is used only for HR and POWER\
types to 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 express units. Valid values: PERCENT\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The type of target for this Step. Valid values: SPEED,\
HEART_RATE, 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 OPEN, CADENCE, POWER, GRADE,\
RESISTANCE, POWER_3S, POWER_10S, POWER_30S,\
POWER_LAP, SPEED_LAP, HEART_RATE_LAP,\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 PACE (as speed in m/s)\
LAP_SWIMMING WORKOUT only:\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 1. SWIM_INSTRUCTION (Text-based Intensity target)\
2. SWIM_CSS_OFFSET\
PACE_ZONE (in m/s)\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The target HR (valid values 1-5) or power zone (valid\
values 1-7) is to be used for this Step. Target zones must\
have been previously defined and saved.\
The lowest value for the target range. Used to specify a\
custom range instead of specifying a target zone through\
targetValue.\
LAP_SWIMMING:\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 SWIM_INSTRUCTION valid values: 1- 10\
1 -RECOVERY\
2 -VERY EASY\
3 -EASY\
4 -MODERATE\
5 -HARD\
6 -VERY_HARD
\fs20\fsmilli10364 secondaryTargetValueHigh* secondaryTargetValueType* strokeType drillType 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 equipmentType
\fs20\fsmilli10364  exerciseCategory
\fs21\fsmilli10633  
\fs20\fsmilli10364 exerciseName Double String String String String String String 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 7 -ALL_OUT\
8 -FAST\
9 -ASCEND\
10 -DESCEND\
SWIM_CSS_OFFSET (CSS-Based Target Pace) valid value: -60\
to 60\
(seconds)\
PACE_ZONE\
Provide value in m/s\
0.8333333333333334 device with the metric system shown as\
2:00/100\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The highest value for the target range. Used to specify a\
custom range 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 instead of specifying a target zone through\
targetValue.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 A modifier for target value is used only for HR and POWER\
types to 
\fs19\fsmilli9960 express units.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 The type of stroke for this Step. Used only in\
LAP_SWIMMING Workouts.\
Valid values: BACKSTROKE, BREASTSTROKE,\
BUTTERFLY, FREESTYLE, MIXED, IM, RIMO, CHOICE\
The type of drill for this Step. Used only in\
LAP_SWIMMING Workouts.\
Valid values: KICK, PULL, BUTTERFLY\
The type of equipment needed for this Step. Currently used\
only for LAP_SWIMMING Workouts. Valid values: NONE,\
SWIM_FINS, SWIM_KICKBOARD, SWIM_PADDLES,\
SWIM_PULL_BUOY, SWIM_SNORKEL\

\fs19\fsmilli9960 The exercise category for this Step. Used only for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING, YOGA, and CARDIO_TRAINING\
Workouts.\
Valid values: See Appendix A and B.\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 The exercise name for this Step. Used only for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING and CARDIO_TRAINING, HIIT,\
PILATES, and YOGA Workouts.\

\fs20\fsmilli10364 See Appendix A for the list of exercise names for YOGA and\
PILATES\

\fs20\fsmilli10094 See Appendix B for the list of exercise names for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING and CARDIO_TRAINING, HIIT
\fs21\fsmilli10633 weightValue
\fs20\fsmilli10364  Double The weight value for this step is kilograms. Used only for\
STRENGTH_TRAINING Workouts.\

\fs21\fsmilli10633 weightDisplayUnit 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 String 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 The units in which to display the weightValue to the\
user, if a weightValue exists. The display unit does not\
impact weightValue within 
\fs20\fsmilli10364 the Training API, only for\
display. Valid values: KILOGRAM, 
\fs21\fsmilli10633 POUND\

\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 List of supported devices for CYCLING secondary target \cf8 https://support.garmin.com/en-\
US/?faq=EMMh03mfYU59Zt0ldOw0U6\
\cf3 The secondary target is valid for:\
1.
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 CYCLING and should be treated as a less formal, accessory target. The target type\
for a secondary target should be different from the primary target. If secondary\
target is used, OPEN cannot be used as first target.\
Secondary is also supported for SWIM workouts to provide a text-based target,\
pace, CSS-based target pace (see Appendix C for additional details)\
2.
\f1\fs23\fsmilli11848  
\f0\fs23\fsmilli11815 ** Swim workouts should be distance-based and if there is a repeat block with rest as a\
step included, an extra repeat step should be added after the repeat block because the\
device will skip the last rest step in the repeat block.\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.2.2 Example JSON\
\cf3 MULTI_SPORT:\
\{\
"ownerId": 12345,\
"workoutName": "TEST",\
"description": "TEST",\
"sport": "MULTI_SPORT",\
"estimatedDurationInSecs": 1200,\
"estimatedDistanceInMeters": 1400,\
"poolLength": null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null,\
"workoutProvider": "multipsport",\
"workoutSourceId": "multisport",\
"isSessionTransitionEnabled": true,\
"segments": [\
\{\
"segmentOrder": 1,"sport": "CYCLING",\
"poolLength": null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null,\
"estimatedDurationInSecs": 500,\
"estimatedDistanceInMeters": 500,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 1,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": "",\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 1000,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": "OPEN",\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null\
"drillType": null,\
"equipmentType": null\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\},\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutRepeatStep",\
"stepOrder": 2,\
"repeatType": "REPEAT_UNTIL_STEPS_CMPLT",\
"repeatValue": 4,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 3,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": null,\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 100,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": null,\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\},\
\{\
"segmentOrder": 2,\
"sport": "RUNNING",\
"poolLength": null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null,\
"estimatedDurationInSecs": null,\
"estimatedDistanceInMeters": null,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 4,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": "",\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 1000,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": "OPEN",\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"drillType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\},\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutRepeatStep",\
"stepOrder": 5,\
"repeatType": "REPEAT_UNTIL_STEPS_CMPLT",\
"repeatValue": 4,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 6,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": null,\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 100,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": null,\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\}\
SINGLE Segment (one sport type)\
\{\
"ownerId": 12345,\
"workoutName": "TEST",\
"description": "TEST",\
"sport": "CYCLING",\
"estimatedDurationInSecs": 1200,\
"estimatedDistanceInMeters": 1400,\
"poolLength": null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null,"workoutProvider": "single_segemnt",\
"workoutSourceId": "single_segemnt",\
"isSessionTransitionEnabled": false,\
"segments": [\
\{\
"segmentOrder": 1,\
"sport": "CYCLING",\
"poolLength": null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null,\
"estimatedDurationInSecs": 500,\
"estimatedDistanceInMeters": 500,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 1,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": "",\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 1000,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": "OPEN",\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"drillType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\},\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutRepeatStep",\
"stepOrder": 2,\
"repeatType": "REPEAT_UNTIL_STEPS_CMPLT",\
"repeatValue": 4,\
"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 3,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": null,\
"durationType": "DISTANCE","durationValue": 100,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": null,\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\},\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 4,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": "",\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 1000,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": "OPEN",\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"drillType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\{\
\},\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutRepeatStep",\
"stepOrder": 5,\
"repeatType": "REPEAT_UNTIL_STEPS_CMPLT",\
"repeatValue": 4,"steps": [\
\{\
"type": "WorkoutStep",\
"stepOrder": 6,\
"intensity": "ACTIVE",\
"description": null,\
"durationType": "DISTANCE",\
"durationValue": 100,\
"durationValueType": "METER",\
"targetType": null,\
"targetValue": null,\
"targetValueLow": null,\
"targetValueHigh": null,\
"targetValueType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetValue": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueHigh": null,\
"secondaryTargetValueType": null,\
"strokeType": null,\
"equipmentType": null,\
"exerciseCategory": null,\
"exerciseName": null,\
"weightValue": null,\
"weightDisplayUnit": null\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\}\
]\
\}\cf7 3.2.3 Create\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to create a workout by/for a user:\
Method & URL: POST \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/workoutportal/workout/v2\
\cf3 Request body: The new workout in JSON. A workout ID should not be included.\
Content-Type: application/json\
Response Body: The newly created workout as JSON.\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.2.4 Retrieve\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to retrieve a workout by/for a user:\
Method & URL: GET \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/workout/v2/\{workoutId\}\
\cf3 Response body: The retrieved workout in JSON.\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.2.5 Update\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to update a workout by/for a user:\
Method & URL: PUT \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/workout/v2/\{workoutId\}\
\cf3 Request body: The full updated workout in JSON.\
Content-Type: application/json\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.2.6 Delete\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to delete a workout by/for a user:\
Method & URL: 
\fs22\fsmilli11040 DELETE 
\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/workout/v2/\{workoutId\}\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.2.7 Response Code\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 HTTP Response Status Description\
200/204 Workout successfully created\
400 Bad Request\
401 User Access Token doesn\'92t exist\
403 Not allowed\
412 User Permission error\
429 Quota violation / rate\uc0\u8208 limiting
\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 3.3 Workout Schedules\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 3.3.1 Field Definitions\
\cf3 Filed Name Description\
scheduleId A unique identifier for the workout schedule\
workoutId The ID of the workout to which the schedule\
refers\
date The schedule data, formatter as\
\'91YYYY-mm-dd\'92\
\cf7 3.3.2 Example JSON\
\cf3 \{\
\}\
"scheduleId":123, "workoutId":123, "date":"2019-01-31"\
\cf7 3.3.3 Create\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to create a workout schedule by/for a user:\
Method & URL: POST \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/schedule/\
\cf3 Request body: A workout schedule to create. A schedule Id should not be included.\
Content-Type: application/json\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.3.4 Retrieve\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to retrieve a workout schedule by/for a user:\
Method & URL:\
GET \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/schedule/\{workoutScheduleId\}\
\cf3 Response body: The retrieved workout schedule\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.3.5 Update\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to update a workout schedule by/for a user:\
Method & URL:\
PUT \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/schedule/\{workoutScheduleId\}\
\cf3 Request body: The full workout schedule in JSON.\
Content-Type: application/json\
Response body: The updated workout schedule.
\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.3.6 Delete\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is to delete a workout schedule by/for a user:\
Method & URL:\
DELETE \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/schedule/\{workoutScheduleId\}\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.3.7 Retrieve by Date\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 This request is used to retrieve the workout schedule by/for a user by date range:\
Method & URL:\
GET \cf8 https://apis.garmin.com/training-api/schedule?startDate=YYYY-mm-\
dd&endDate=YYYY-mm-dd\

\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf7 3.3.8 Response Code\

\fs23\fsmilli11815 \cf3 HTTP Response Status Description\
200/204 Workout successfully created\
400 Bad Request\
401 User Access Token doesn\'92t exist\
403 Not allowed\
412 User Permission error\
429 Quota violation / rate\uc0\u8208 limiting
\fs25\fsmilli12960 \cf7 Appendix C
\fs22\fsmilli11040 \cf3 .\
Garmin Connect Swim improvements feature overview\
This is an overview of all changes for the Training API and swim workouts 2024\
Improvement JSON/comments\
Support for 100 workout steps for all sport\
types\
(except Forerunner 935 generation and\
older, Fenix 5 generation and older)\
Handling pool size mismatches on devices.\
If your pool size provided via API differs\
from the pool size set on the watch, users\
are given the option on your device to\
convert the workout and do it anyway\
\'93Unspecified\'94 pool size support.\
Workouts created with unspecified pool\
sizes can be completed in any size of the\
pool. The step distances specified in the\
workout are shown on the device without\
conversion.\
"poolLength" : null,\
"poolLengthUnit": null\
Please note "poolLengthUnit" must be set\
using send-off time, CSS-Based Send-Off\
Time, and pace secondary target. Valid\
values: YARD, METER\
Swim target supported as secondary target\
(no primary target must be specified)\
Text-based Intensity target\
CSS (valid values -60 to 60)\
Pace is officially supported as a secondary\
target\
"targetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType":\
"SWIM_INSTRUCTION",\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": "RECOVERY"\
"targetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType":\
"SWIM_CSS_OFFSET",\
"secondaryTargetValueLow": -5,\
"targetType": null,\
"secondaryTargetType": "PACE_ZONE",\
"secondaryTargetValueLow":\
0.5555555555555556 (the number needs\
to be provided in m/s)\
Please note "poolLengthUnit" must be set\
using send-off time and pace secondaryNew drill types (\'93Kick\'94, \'93Pull\'94, and \'93Drill\'94)\
are shown separately from the stroke type\
on the user's device. E.g. \'93Free Pull\'94 or\
\'93Butterfly Kick\'94.\
New stroke types:\
- RIMO (Reverse IM order)\
- IM by Round\
- Choice\
New Step Intensity\
- Main\
New Duration types for Swim Rest Step\
added: CSS-Based Send-Off Time and Send-\
off time\
Send-off times and target paces defined\
relative to your CSS will automatically\
adjust when your CSS changes. Default CSS\
is 2:00 / 100 m.\
skipLastRestStep Time-Based steps support. On the device,\
an alert sounds when the target time has\
elapsed. Continue swimming to the wall\
and press Lap to advance to the next step.\
target. Valid values: YARD, METER\
"strokeType": "BUTTERFLY"\
"drillType": "KICK"\
(targetType will is not supported with use\
of strokeType, please use secondary target\
to specify targets).\
"strokeType": "RIMO"\
"intensity": "MAIN"\
REPETITON_SWIM_CSS_OFFSET (CSS-\
Based Send-Off Time) valid values -60 to 60\
FIXED_REPETITION (Send-off time)\
Please note "poolLengthUnit" must be set\
with use of send-off time and pace\
secondary target. Valid values: YARD,\
METER\
Optional Flag to support Garmin Connect\
Skip Rest step feature. Set to true for all\
LAP_SWIMMING workout to support\
backward compatibility.\
Range: 1 minute - 59 minutes.}